=head1 Alien::TinyCC

A Perl Alien module for the Tiny C Compiler. This Perl distribution
distributes and contains the build steps necessary to ensure that the
Tiny C Compiler is available on your system.

=head1 INSTALLATION

I assume that if you are installing this module, you are doing so from
CPAN. The usual Module::Build incantation shold work:

 perl Build.PL
 ./Build
 ./Build test
 ./Build install

On Windows, you should omit the C<./> part of the C<Build> commands.

=head1 DEVELOPMENT

If you want to work on Alien::TCC itself, be sure to not only clone the
repository but also clone the F<src/> directory, i.e. the tcc source
repository. Thus on your command line, you should say something like this:

 git clone https://github.com/run4flat/Alien-TinyCC.git
 cd Alien-TinyCC
 git submodule init
 git submodule update

Since I have a hard time keeping the F<Changes> file up-to-date, I wrote a git
pre-commit hook that checks that I updated the Changes file and double-checks
with me in case I did not. This hook is included in the repo. To enable it in 
your clone, just copy the hook to your F<.git/hooks/> directory like so:

 # Optional; helps keep the Changes file up-to-date
 cp git-pre-commit-hook.pl .git/hooks/pre-commit    # Unixen
 copy git-pre-commit-hook.pl .git\hooks\pre-commit  # Windows

=head1 LICENSE, COPYRIGHT

This distribution distributes the source for the Tiny C Compiler project
under the src/ directory, for which the following notice is in effect:

 * Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
 * of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
 * in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
 * to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
 * copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
 * furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
 *
 * The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
 * all copies or substantial portions of the software.
 *
 * THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
 * IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
 * FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL
 * THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
 * LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
 * OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
 * THE SOFTWARE.

The Alien::TCC Perl module itself is distributed under the same terms as
Perl itself.	

=cut
